for over 50 years his cinematic genius
has thrilled audiences around the world
his films have inspired George Lucas
Steven Spielberg Francis Coppola Brian
De Palma and Martin Scorsese as a
director is won every major
International Film Award the Grand Prix
and venison con the silver bear in
Berlin the golden award in Moscow the
Oscar in America he is a Kyra Kurosawa
now he brings us his most unique and
personal vision his dreams
as a child
as a man
in winter spring summer and fall the
past present and future the thoughts and
images of one man for all men Akira
Kurosawa's dreams one man's dreams for
every dreamer
you